PRODDOCS-520: Where is my user id change (#8490)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Accounts/find-user-id.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Where can I find my user ID?
```

---
title: Where can I find my user ID?
description: "Instructions on where to find your user id"
sidebar_label: 'Where can I find my user ID'
id: find-user-id
---

Knowing your <Constant name="cloud" /> user ID can help with interacting with support. 

To find your user ID in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, read the following steps:

1. Click your account name at the bottom left-side menu and go to **Account settings** > **Users**.
2. Select your user. <br />

> 3. Go to the address bar. The number after `/users` is your user ID. 

Author: ```suggestion
3. Go to the address bar. The number after `/users` is your user ID. 
For example, if the URL is `https://YOUR_ACCESS_URL/settings/accounts/12345/users/67891` &mdash; the user ID is `67891`. <br />
```

---
title: Where can I find my user ID?
description: "Instructions on where to find your user id"
sidebar_label: 'Where can I find my user ID'
id: find-user-id
---

Knowing your <Constant name="cloud" /> user ID can help with interacting with support. 

To find your user ID in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, read the following steps:

1. Click your account name at the bottom left-side menu and go to **Account settings** > **Users**.
2. Select your user. <br />
3. Go to the address bar. The number after `/users` is your user ID. 
For example, if the URL is `https://YOUR_ACCESS_URL/settings/accounts/12345/users/67891` &mdash; the user ID is `67891`. <br />
4. Copy that number or save it somewhere safe. <br />

> For example, if the URL is `https://YOUR_ACCESS_URL/settings/accounts/12345/users/67891` &mdash; the user ID is `67891`<br /><br />

Author: ```suggestion

```

> To find your user ID in <Constant name="cloud" />, read the following steps:

Reviewer: Would be helpful to specify that these steps are for dbt platform
```suggestion
To find your user ID in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, read the following steps:
```

> 1. Navigate to **Account settings** and then **Users**.

Reviewer: Let's add more info on how to go to Account settings
```suggestion
1. Click your account name at the bottom left-side menu and go to **Account settings** > **Users**.
```

2. Select your user. <br />

> 3. In the address bar, the number after `/users` is your user ID. 

Reviewer: Suggesting this change so that there is an action that the user has to do for this step
```suggestion
3. Go to the address bar. The number after `/users` is your user ID. 
```

> 3. In the address bar, the number after `/users` is your user ID. 

Reviewer: Also, I suggest we move line 17 under step 3
